grieving relatives mourn the death of a
Palestinian child who was killed when an
Israeli air strike hit an apartment
Block in the southern city of Han Yunis
residents say Israeli forces gave them
no
warning the building houses more than 50
people including mostly women and
children civilians who were confined to
their Apartments suddenly a rocket was
dropped on the four story building
without any prior notice among the dead
are infants some as young as six or
seven months
these ruins used to be a series of
apartment blocks many Palestinians fled
fighting in Northern Gaza hoping they
would be safe here hunis was designated
as one of Israel's so-called safe zones
in the South but Israeli forces are
intensifying their bombardment of the
city we urge all countries around the
world to come and witness the ethnic
cleansing that we are being subjected to
this is a war of extermination trees
animals houses schools children and
women are all being exterminated this
entire Square was exterminated without
any reason as more families mourn the
death of loved ones many also question
how many more innocent children will die
before Israel calls a halter the
violence Victoria gonb aljazera
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer